<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:head>
	<title>P</title>
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="main.css" />
	<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="post.css" />
	<link href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Chau+Philomene+One' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' />
	<link href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Montserrat' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css' />
	<script src="http://maps.google.com/maps/api/js?sensor=false" type="text/javascript" />
	<div id="fb-root"></div>
	<script>
      window.fbAsyncInit = function() {
         FB.init({
            appId : '518701794945319',
            xfbml : true,
            version : 'v2.4'
         });
      };
      (function(d, s, id) {
         var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
         if (d.getElementById(id))
            return;
         js = d.createElement(s);
         js.id = id;
         js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js";
         fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
      }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
   </script>
</h:head>
<h:body>
	<h:form id="form_post">
		<p:panel styleClass="panelPost" id="panel_post">
			<p:growl id="post_growl" />
			<p:messages id="messages_new_user" />
			<p:panel styleClass="panel_transparent logo_menu">
				<p:graphicImage library="img" name="logo.png" alt="Anterior" height="60" />
			</p:panel>
			<p:menubar styleClass="menu_bar_post">
				<p:menuitem value="INICIO"></p:menuitem>
				<p:menuitem value="RUTA"></p:menuitem>
				<p:menuitem value="HISTORIAS"></p:menuitem>
				<p:menuitem value="PREPARACIÓN"></p:menuitem>
			</p:menubar>
			<p:panel id="image_front_post" styleClass="imageFrontPost" style="#{index.selectPost.image}" />
			<h:panelGrid columns="3" styleClass="panel_grid_subtitle">
				<p:commandLink action="#{index.goPost}" target="_blank" ajax="false" title="Anterior">
					<p:graphicImage library="img" name="last.png" alt="Anterior" />
				</p:commandLink>
				<p:panel styleClass="panel_transparent">
					<p:outputLabel value="#{index.selectPost.title}" styleClass="title" />
					<p:outputLabel value="#{index.selectPost.subtitle}" styleClass="subtitle" />
					<p:outputLabel value="#{index.selectPost.date}" styleClass="date_post" />
				</p:panel>
				<p:commandLink action="#{index.goPost}" target="_blank" ajax="false" title="Siguiente">
					<p:graphicImage library="img" name="next.png" alt="Siguiente" />
				</p:commandLink>
			</h:panelGrid>
			<h:panelGrid columns="1" styleClass="panelGridPost" columnClasses="story,map">
				<p:panel styleClass="panel_transparent">
					<p:panel styleClass="panel_transparent map_story">
						<p:gmap center="41.381542, 2.122893" zoom="15" disableDefaultUI="true" type="ROADMAP"
							style="width:500px;height:400px;" scrollwheel="false" />
					</p:panel>
					<p:outputLabel value="#{index.editor}" escape="false" />
					<p:panel styleClass="panel_transparent">
					The standard Lorem Ipsum passage, used since the 1500s "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,
						consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim
						ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis
						aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur.
						Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est
						laborum.<br />"Section 1.10.32 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum", written by Cicero in 45 BC "Sed ut
						perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem
						aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt
						explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia
						consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.<br /> Neque porro quisquam est, qui
						dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora
						incidunt ut labore et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem. Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum
						exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem
						vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum
						qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?" 1914 translation by H. Rackham "But I must explain
						to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you
						a complete account of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth,
						the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it
						is pleasure, but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences
						that are extremely painful.<br /> Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of
						itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur in which toil and pain can
						procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious
						physical exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a
						man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain that
						produces no resultant pleasure?" Section 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum", written by Cicero
						in 45 BC "At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui blanditiis praesentium
						voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate
						non provident, similique sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum
						fuga.<br /> Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio. Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est
						eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas
						assumenda est, omnis dolor repellendus. Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum
						necessitatibus saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae. Itaque earum
						rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptatibus maiores alias consequatur aut
						perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat." 1914 translation by H. Rackham "On the other hand, we
						denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of
						pleasure of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are
						bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through weakness of will, which
						is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to
						distinguish. In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing prevents our
						being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain avoided. But in
						certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations of business it will frequently
						occur that pleasures have to be repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds
						in these matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures,
						or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains."
					</p:panel>
				</p:panel>
				<p:button href="http://facebook.com" value="Galeria Completa" title="Galeria Completa" target="_blank" />
				<div class="fb-comments" data-href="http://localhost:8082/PorSuramerica/pages/post.jsf" data-width="1000"
					data-numposts="5"></div>
			</h:panelGrid>

		</p:panel>
	</h:form>
</h:body>
</html>